/*! \page SunPosition_ScaledTransform_note_txt ActorActions: Where to place the Sun? - note

See also \ref ScaledTransform_ViewportReference_note.

Where should be put the light?  There are a couple of potential answers to this, and I am 
thinking through the pros and cons as I write and come up with a good answer. 
 
1.  Not in a ScaledTransform at all
If you do this, the light (and the lens flare presumably) has an absolute position in 
space.  Easy to test.  Lighting on the actual ships in the scene would be "perfect".  
Unfortunately, the player would be able to zoom right out there and see it, either by 
flying out there or by zooming away from his ship.  We can only put it so far away without 
precision errors.  If we did this, and the player zoomed out a bit, the lighting on the 
planet would seem to shift a bit.  (can you see why?  I will leave that explanation as an 
excercise for the student ;)  ) 
 
2.  Parented to the ScaledTransform 0  (The starfield, the way it is now)
Doing this would solve one problem in that the player would never reach it, either by flying 
to it in his ship or by zooming out.  You still have the problem of the planet not having 
exactly the right lighting (it may even be worse), and even the lighting on the ships in 
the scene could be off a bit.  At close ranges it could be ok. 
 
3.  Parented to the Planet's Scaled Transform
Now the light relative to the planet would always be right.  If the ships were close to the 
planet, their lighting should be ok too (we might want to play with that and see).   The 
player could EVENTUALLY fly all the way out there, but it would take a LOOOONG time (and we 
could perhaps limit it other ways if needed).  We could fix the problem of the player 
zooming out too far by limiting the amount of zoom and making sure that the light (lens 
flare) could not be seen from the back (since the camera is always pointing at their ship, 
if zoomed out to where the camera is past the light, we should always be seeing it from the 
rear.)  Probably easier just to limit the zoom distance.  The one drawback I can see, is 
that if you zoomed back far enough to where the sun was just to one edge and the planet was 
just to the other, the sun may not appear to be as far away as it should be.  Will people 
notice?  I don't think so, but we should let other people see that don't know better. 
 
So, all in all, when I set you on this task, I was thinking that 2 was the answer, but now 
I am leaning more towards 3.  Lets go with that and see how she flies.

> After Working on it with James <

We found we are going for two effects, we want the LIGHT to be placed using 3, so the 
shadowing stays correct relative to the planet, but we want the GLARE effect to 
follow 2, so that it stays in the same place in the star field.  This solves all of the
problems!  :)

The GLARE object for the light should never be more than about 70km from the camera 
position to avoid clipping problems.  It really can be placed close to the camera, because 
it is parented to the starfield.  


*/